DONKEYSLUG
==========
*Donkeylube Software Studios*

Donkeyslug should be some kind of a rougelike game, a dungeon creeper. The player should die easily, and death is permanent,
but I would like some kind of "leftovers" from previous characters, making the game easier over time. The world
should be autogenerated, maybe with additional support for static, hand-made levels. It should stay the same between
characters, though, making new and more "permabuffed" characters able to reach deeper into the levels. I would also like
to make some kind of garden or something that the player could tend to - maybe a place to grow herbs for potions...

What I am really trying to do is to get into Test Driven Development, and apply my freshly accumulated knowledge
procured from the various literature I've been reading. :)


CURRENT GOAL(S)
---------------
* System for importing Items and Creatures, taking it out of the code.
  - Maybe <del>JSON</del> YAML is suited for this?
* Weapon and armor system
  
FUTURE
------
* Allow player to access and interact with inventory
* Improved monster AI
  - Different behaviors (run away, search for player, patrol, sleep, random walk, et.c.)
  - Knowledge about other creatures - who are friends and enemies
  - Improved FOV
  - Call swarm
* Leveling and scaling
* Ranged combat
* Traps
* Cooler, player-centric view with minimap for play testing
* Moving to new levels
* More algorithms for level generation
* Timed stat changes (buffs, poison, et.c.)
* Fog-of-war
* Turn based or realtime? Decide.

COMPLETED
---------
* Simple view for play testing
* Player and creatures can move around (limited to four directions), attack, pick up and drop items
* Simple parsing of hand made ascii maps
* Level generator (square rooms, digs random tunnels until all rooms are connected) 
* Preliminary battle algorithm
* Basic monster AI
  - Creatures can find their way out of a paper bag - and find the shortest path to whatever they are pursuing
  - Creatures have a crude FOV (just a square emanating from a creature, ignores walls)
  - Creatures will charge at the first creature they see
* Creatures can pick up and drop items
* Creatures can consume edibles, which in turn can affect their stats
* Creatures can use recipes to combine ingredients into something edible and stat-changing (health potions, cake of dexterity, ++)
